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
Page 1:
Career-building Resources

Sample
Inpatient Health Record

This record was created for educational purposes only.
The information in this sample record, though clinically
accurate, is fictitious. Any resemblance to real people or
to any actual clinical case is merely coincidental.


Page 2:
‘Community General Hospital
a INPATIENT REGISTRATION AND SUMMARY FORM se
TTT spammed =F = iiened
Brown, John Jefe t. Moore 97 | tnp s_h1/12/98|11:10
27 Cottonwood Ln Anytown _USA 123-123-4567
aa So iol eed eae
snore | sa|m Donor No
peer = = =
12345-6789 | Big Company ‘aytoun, US * [Soke Brow
‘Sane =
Southern Company 123456789 John Brow
— ani2 uisiav99li1:30 |
Right Ing Hera
550.0
ey
5308
wile “as
ore
yasnd
fm Seabee Spreng Elton =
Genes | awe Chana Hp
8 Fmt ‘ep tt a ea pti ee eS SE

Re



Page 3:
HRS

‘Community General Hospital Name: Jone Bow

‘Anytown, ‘ecount No 12545
USA ‘tending Pryscan: Je. Moore,
‘CONSENT TO TREATMENT Conmtiog Piston
‘AND

‘Adm Oat: 1712/1999 008: oara144

‘Testing for HIV antibody (AIDS) andor Hepatts should the healthcare worker have an accidental exposute to the
patent's bload or other body fuss.

‘The disposal of any body pars or tissues removed during hospiaizaion according te Hospital policy

‘Transtr and transportation to another foci for further cae as insted by the paints physician.

I consent to have alergles and code status lated onthe font of my chart to ensure my safety as a patent.

2. General Risks. The undersigned understands thatthe pracica of medicine and surpery is cot an exact science and that
<dagnosis and teatment may involve risks of ijury or even death. No guarantees can or have been made regarding the
‘uit of examination, procedures, or teatment.

3. Healthcare Providers Relationships. ‘The undersigned understands:

‘2. Thatall physicians fumishing services to the patient including the radlologists, pathologists, anesthesilogists,
‘emergency room physicians, and the patent's attending and consuling physicians, are independent contractors and
‘0 not employees or agents ofthe Hospi

That among those whe may car forthe patient atts Hospital are medical nursing, and other healthcare students
who, unless requested oerwise, may be present during of administer care as apart of tek raining.

4. Release of information. The undersigned authorzes the Hospitals releasa the folowing information:

"2 n oder to determine tabi or payment ort obtain payment the Hosptal may cscioea al or portions of he
Batent's medical record to any person or ently or thelr ages who may be lable fo al ora porton of, the Hosptas
Charges. ‘The Hospia'sauthoty shal inctude but not be ited orleaee ofthe patents kagnosis, surgical
‘procedure plan of care, and benefits by elephone atthe time of admission or rng o after he patient's
hospitalization, and the enites to whom the information may be released shal include but not be limited to insurance
companies, healt mainienance organizations, workers compensation caters, government or ther payors, oF their
‘gents suchas uitzaen review, reabiation, or auding agencies

'b._Clncalnfermaton to prysiciane and facies forthe purpose of continued health car.

5. Personal Valuables. | acknowledge and understand | am responeibe fo my personal valuables (including money jewelry,
‘dentures, hearing as, eyeglasses, etc) while a patent atthe Hosp. | also acknowedge |have been informed the
Hospital maintains a safe fr safekeeping of my personal valuables. I eleace the Hoc om ay lab fe los by theft or
negligence of mine or any hospital employee of my personal valuables unless its placed in the Hoeptal safe.

18. Guarantee of Account. The undersigned agrees, whether as agent or as patent. hatin consideration of the services to be
rendered tthe patent, helshe indvivally obigates maethersel o pay the account a he Hosptal in accordance with he
fates and policies of the Hosptial

7. Assignment of insurance Benefits. The undersigned auhorizs, whether as agent or 3s patent, direct payment tothe
Hospital of any insurance Benes, settements, or awards otherwise payable to ofan behalf ofthe patent fortis
hosptalzaion or these oupatent services (including emergency services if rendered) at rate nto exceed the Hospta's
‘charges. ‘The undersigned understands that helshe i nancy responsible for charges not covered by ths assignment
‘excepto the extent the Hospital may have otherwise contracted wit patent's payer.

8. Notice of Privacy Practices. Tho aw requires tat we maintain te privacy of your Protected Healy information ad that we
provide you wih a noice of our legal duites and privacy pales with respect o protected healt information. By sgring

canes nat you have reared cy of ur Nasa ot acy Pacis
Pans ae: nT
Patent, Prt Can, aed Deon one: LLL ffm: 22%
wine Zp one Tne

‘Guarantee of Account by Parson cer than Patient: | pee sce hanc responsy Serves rented the patent nda accept ha toms ot
(Re Catranie of css and fongrment otmarmcs Berets se

Firancialy Responsible Panty. ate: Time

Page 4:
>
| Name: John Brown

| Acsourd No” 12345

| tending Pysican: Je. Moore, M0,

a 0106: DggkCR hag (ac
am oo: rir2099 pow-oraue ALLERGIES yA 4
ACTIVE ORDERS

OP'S THERAPY SUP"ARY REPORT “Ge 1 OF

aera weotearions-----------------
- : wOHE MED INSTRUC
FTAB 300MG, CEPHALEXIN HCL MONOHYDRATE — ScOMG=1 TAB @%
drat

TAKE EVERY TWELVE HOURS

TAKE ON EMPTY STOMACH=1HR AC OR 2HR PC

+ comments,

TAB OMG, HYDROCODONE 10/APAP 500 tome=1TA8
oral
TAKE EVERY FOUR HOURS AS NEEDED



